SEP-0008: support CORS header (#827)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0008.md

The specification of an approval server is defined as follows:

### Cross-Origin Headers

> Valid CORS headers are necessary to allow web clients from other sites to use the endpoints. The following HTTP header must be set for the endpoint on the approval server, including error responses.

Reviewer: Let's use this opportunity to make this definition more accurate, and we can update SEP-10 at some point in the future so it is also more accurate, where I can see this was copied from.

The reason I'm suggesting this change is because the header displayed below is the minimum change needed with `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` requests, but it won't work for JSON requests unless the OPTIONS request is also supported. It's also more common to not use the wildcard and instead echo the origin in the request as that works in a greater number of cases where the wildcard is disallowed by most browsers (when cookies are present is one example). I don't think we need to teach people how to use CORS, or prescribe the approach they take, we just need to indicate cross origin requests must be supported.

```suggestion
Cross-origin requests to the endpoints in this specification must be supported by the server so that web clients from other sites can use use the endpoints. Valid CORS headers and requests that allow any domain origin to access the endpoints in this specification are necessary. The following HTTP header and support of preflight OPTIONS requests are the smallest change necessary. More complex headers configurations can be used.
```

Author: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/pull/827/commits/41475ca61e39d003e526aae422026782df51fdca
